All right I'd say hey we're going to have a quick challenge which will give you an opportunity to use
the javascript you've learned so far as well as force you to recall some of the CSSA that we learned
in the previous section.
So get yourself back to just a blank page to meld document with your script tax at the bottom and then
the challenge is can you create a red blue and yellow circle all next to each other and then set up
javascript so that when any of those circles are clicked it disappears.
So that's a slight step forward from what we've seen so far we haven't seen how to make anything disappear
but hopefully you can work it out at the very least get those circles up and see what you can make them
do.
Good luck.
All right I hope you manage it.
There are of course several different ways to solve this problem but I'm going to go for a similar way
as to how we made some circles last time.
So I'm going to have a div with a class of circle and an ID of red circle and then I'm going to add
the styles for that first of
it's just in the usual way we get.
So all of the circles are going to have certain styles in common so that's why I'm doing that as a class.
So will start off by setting the width to be let's say 200 pixels will set the height to be 200 pixels
as well then to make them circular.
We'll set the border radius to 50 percent.
I want them all in a row.
So I'm going to make them float left.
And finally I want a bit of a gap between them.
So I'm going to give them a margin of 50 pixels OK.
And then the only thing different between them is going to be that color.
So let's put it in red circle first and that of course is going to have a background color of red.
So let's just check make sure we got a nice big red circle that wonderful and then we'll just do the
same
for a blue circle and a yellow circle.
And I'm just going to copy and paste the styles for those say for the sake of background color of blue
and yellow circle background color of yellow
wonderful.
I think they are floating left but it's going off the edge of the page so let's change the width to
100 and see if we can get them all in a row.
Almost.
OK then let's change the margin right to being 50 pixels that we get.
Even then make them a little bit bigger.
Not that big
lovely.
So now we've got our circles we're just going to create a little bit of interactivity now then it's
just a matter of writing a little bit of Javascript.
And that should all be fine.
Let's start with the red circle.
So we're going to want to add an on click function to our element with an ID of red circle and we want
to make it so that when it's clicked it disappears.
So it should be fairly straightforward.
Start with document decide that we want to access something in this document and then go get element
by ID then we give it the ID of red circle and then on click and we're going to set that equal to a
function which will define in the Kerry brackets and all we want to do is find it again document or
get element by id read Dasch circle and then set the style dot display.
And just as we did in the previous video set that to none.
And that should make it disappear.
Let's have a look.
Click.
There it goes.
All right.
Simple enough.
Now let's do it for the other team.
So this is going to be very very similar.
What we need to do is change yellow circle and yellow circle and circle blue circle and that will just
apply the same code to each circle.
Lugo's yellow goes red goes.
When I click right click it.
All right I hope you managed that challenge.
And we're going to be coming back to this code when we create our reaction testing game at the end of
this section.
For now though we're going to move on away from working with HVM Ellon elements.
For now though we're going to move on and away from HD M-L elements and look at some pure javascript
which will allow us to be much more powerful things in our web pages and what we've seen so far and
we're going to start that process by looking at variables.